update!: Add the Apple Health app to Menstrual Tracking apps (#3212)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/health-and-wellness.md

</div>

### Apple Health

<div class="admonition recommendation" markdown>

![Apple logo](assets/img/health-and-wellness/apple-health.webp#only-light){ align=right }![Apple logo](assets/img/health-and-wellness/apple-health-dark.webp#only-dark){ align=right }

> Apple Health is one of the default apps installed on iOS devices. It includes many health and wellness features (see [Health Records](#apple-health-records)), including menstrual cycle tracking. It also uses gender-neutral language. Apple Health always uses end-to-end encryption when syncing across multiple devices. Additionally, almost all measured data is processed on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple Health is one of the default apps installed on iOS devices. It includes many health and wellness features (see [Health Records](#apple-health-records)), including menstrual cycle tracking. It also uses gender-neutral language. Apple Health always uses end-to-end encryption when syncing across multiple devices.
```
Not sure why this says “almost” all data, I’m pretty sure it’s all E2EE? You just put in the data manually so I’m not even sure if “measured” is the right word here.

Author: I was repeating what was there before with Apple Fitness, haha.

![Apple Fitness logo](assets/img/health-and-wellness/apple-fitness.webp){ align=right }

> **Apple Fitness** is the default fitness app for iOS. It shares the security and privacy features of [Apple Health](#apple-health).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Apple Fitness** is the default fitness app for iOS. Apple Fitness always uses end-to-end encryption when syncing across multiple devices. Additionally, almost all measured data is processed on your device.
```
I think we should just keep this as it was. It’s actually measuring data with sensors so it’s a bit different than how Apple Health works.

Author: This is talking about security and privacy policies/features specifically.

Reviewer: It's a totally different app though, I think just leave it how it was. If it really needs to be changed we can do a separate PR.

Author: Fair enough!
